>> Brian Holt: Just give a little bit more
explanation into ComponentWillUnmount.
Let's go into details.js.
And I'm gonna do something
really bad here.
I'm gonna say shouldComponentUpdate,
return false.
So now I'm gonna go into here, it's never
even gonna get past loading, right?
Cuz when it first renders for
the first time, it shows you loading.
Then it calls set state to update it and
then guess what?
Sorry, I'm not gonna re-render it cuz you
said shouldComponentUpdate return false.
>> Brian Holt: So that's the danger of
shouldComponentUpdate is you can get into
situations like this.
Imagine you inherited this application and
you saw this happen, you'd be like,
what is happening?
I guess,
maybe the API's not returning right.
It's very opaque of where
the bug is coming from.
So shouldComponentUpdate
is a giant foot gun.
This is a really, really easy way
to shoot yourself in the foot.
Okay but,
>> Brian Holt: For example,
let's say you have a really complicated,
deeply nested state, and
sometimes parts of it update,
parts of it don't update.
You can get really sophisticated here with
shouldComponentUpdate of telling React
when to update and when not to and when
you know it needs to and when you don't.
That's what shouldComponentUpdates
normally force for
performance optimization.
So if you have a component
that's really slow,
go write a fast shouldComponentUpdate,
cuz this is gonna get run a lot.
>> Brian Holt: Cuz if you don't have
a shouldComponentUpdate, React has its own
internal version which it does at
a diffing against your state, right?
And if it sees that your state has
stayed the same, it doesn't update.
And if it sees that your state
has changed, it will update.
It's pretty fast.
React is normally faster
than you're gonna write it.
[LAUGH] It's fast enough, TM, right?
[LAUGH] But sometimes it's not and
that's what shouldComponentUpdate's for.
If you have something that's
totally static, like an SVG.
One, don't put SVGs in React.
[LAUGH] But if you do, one don't, but if
you do, just do a shouldComponentUpdate,
return false cuz it's never gonna change,
it has no state.
>> Brian Holt: But-
>> Student: Why do you say don't put SVGs?
>> Brian Holt: They're complicated,
and you start having these
crazy long trees right?
And it should just be an SVG object,
because that's way faster.
That allows the browser to do what
it does best, which is render stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Now that's
not always the truth.
If you go watch some of Sarah Drasner's
talk with the stuff that she does with
React in SVGs,
she'll put that stuff into it.
But she's actually doing manipulations
with React into the SVG, which is cool.
So if you're doing stuff like that,
one, you're probably using something
green sock anyway to do it.
In which case you'd have to use the lib
wrapper that I was showing you.
But if you're not, if you actually
are doing the then you could.
But make sure you're actually
utilizing React for that.
Otherwise, just use HTML objects.